

Download the 'start' tag of the repo from @btholt github repo

Install all modules after setup
    yarn or yarn install 

Prettier: Formatter coming from the 'GO'land
    yarn global add prettier
Added format command in the package.json
Run eslint --init in the workspace. Creates a settings file. Select AirBnb Style Guide, React and output in JSON format. 
Upgrade ESLint to 4.9.0
Added ESLint config. This will ask for more packages like eslint-config-airbnb, eslint-config-prettier, eslint-plugin-prettier. Install them globally/locally.
Webpack:
yarn global add webpack webpack-cli
configured webpack.config.json

Added the commands to package.json
Formatted code for eslintAdded ESLINT config in webpack.config
Added Dev Server to webpack.config
Commands: 
    yarn start:dev or
    npm run start:dev

This starts the webpack dev server on localhost and keeps listening for changes to re-render

Added a router and router modules.
yarn add react-router-dom if its not already present or in case of errors.
Stop the dev server and restart or else you will see compilation errors
Added a new route component and added routes in the cliantapp.jsx

Added a second route to the app. Just a basic barebones page to verify routing.

Used the 'Link' component to link both the pages to each other for easy navigation. 

Replaced HashRouter with BrowserRouter
Added historyApiFallback: true to webpack dev server config

React Router:
https://medium.com/@pshrmn/a-simple-react-router-v4-tutorial-7f23ff27adf
The <BrowserRouter> should be used when you have a server that will handle dynamic requests 
(knows how to respond to any possible URI), while the <HashRouter> should be used for static 
websites (where the server can only respond to requests for files that it knows about).

historyApiFallback: true - Gives control to the browser if the server couldnot find the orute instead of returning 404. This essentially returns index page . 
Browser routing has to configure the error page. If no error or fallback page configured, the index page is served to the customer.
ErrorPage configured in this commit. Note that we started new component Switch from the router module to make this work. 

PropTypes is no more included as part of React starting v15. 
Mostly useful for documentation and dev time compilation errors
Also checkout default props.

Spread Operator: 
Allows you to pass all the properties of the object to be passed in as first class vars instead of the big show object. 
The properties can be read from props directly as if they were passed individually.
Useful when we dont have to move all the data in the object if not used inside the component. 
But being explicit is more useful than using ... operator 
    Ex: <ShowCard title={show.title} />

'Styled' components is one way of styling components in React. This has additional benefits of colocating CSS and the component in one place making it easy to maintain. 

Converting Search component from a stateless function component to stateful react component.
Must:
All Stateful components extends 'Component'
Has to implement render() method
render should always return markup.

Once you extend Component, you get access to a ton of react methods and variables. state is one of them. 
We inittialize the state in the constructor and use it anywhere in the markup.
No external component can ever the state of the Search component. Strictly prohibited.

***Do not modify state directly. Always use setState(). React will not know the change to rerender.
we have to bind the 'this' to the component context or else any change will throw an error as 'this' in the component is undefined when it is rendered.

Transform Class properties: Stage 2 proposal
    Add Babel plugin - babel-lugin-transform-class-properties in .babelrc
    Not included this piece in this example.


Skipping Flow part of the class. Found more confusing for a beginner.

Lifecycle methods:
    Can be used only inside the Component classes. Cannot be used inside the react functions.

    ComponentWillMount : Called on server before rendering
    ComponentdidMount : called on browser afer rendering. window object is avaialble inside this. 
            This will also recieve props from parent
            Add events or listeners
    componentWillUnmount : Before the component is about to leave the dom   
            clean up the events or listeners

yarn api : run this command to start a local server that returns ratings on ajax calls. 
we will use this to make an ajax call in the component life cycle method.

Using Axios library to make Ajax requests.

Adding a direct link on the show card to take us to the details page for that show. 
Styled components can wrap any react element. Earlier we styled the div, but we styled the Link and used Wrapper instead of Link directly. 

React Design Architectures:
    15.5 and earlier : Stack Architecture
    16 and above: Fiber Architecture
            Completely new code base designed from ground up.API compatible.
            Multiple top level return elements
            async/await on life cycle methods
            Perf tools have to be rewritten.

Add the react dev tools plugin to chrome to see the rendered react dom in the
    developer tools section of chrome. From there you can interact/view the rendered reacr dom
    in terms of your own created components instead of plain native html elements. 

Perf Tools:
    use the perf tools from react addons to optimize and monitor react app.
    Do not ship perf tools code into production. Check performance and delete. 
    Use shouldComponentUpdate life cycle method to check wasted renders and wated time
        to figure out the performace of your app.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                REDUX
                        State Management Framework

Redux is not related to React at all. Alleviates the data tunnelling problem
with a central store.
It is completely independent framework that can be used independently.
Adopted from Facebook Flux
Flux vs REDUX   
    Flux has many stores. One for each concern
        An app can have some 100 stores on one page. 
        Cannot track what data goes where   
        Difficult to synchronize stores and data
    Redux has only one master store.
        Big store is just a tree and each part of the app is subscribed to one part of tree
        The top level fn of that tree is Reducer
        Reducer takes STATE and ACTION and returns a new STATE
        Extremely testable

All redux reducers MUST be pure functions. 
    Given the same input, the reducer MUSt return the same output every single time. 

Rootreducer will dispatch to other reducers if necessary
    Other child reducers will take care of the custom transitions.

2 things to remember when writing a root reducer:
    Default STATE: to return in casea state is not passed/undefined
    Default ACTION: if no action passed, uses the 'default' action.

ACTION:
    Actions are objects
    Each action has:
        type : string
        payload : any
        error: ERROR
        metadata:
    type and payload are the most commonly used. 
    Do not change the names EVER!

    
     






